[70%] for proposed method (should be almost finished)

hints
1. Data collection:
    a. Reddit/big table data extracted in the form of CSV's and uploaded into AWS S3
        a.1 - Jan 2018 to Aug 2018 subreddits of "WallStreetBets" comments section
    b. Stock Data from Alpha Vantage website (provides access to real time and historic data)
        b.1 - This is an api from which data can be extracted in JSON and CSV format as desirable.

2. NLP/Sentiment analysis of Reddit comments
    a. Entity extraction (like ticker, company information)
    b. Sentiment prediction of the comments
    c. Volume based analysis (number of comments made for a certain ticker)

3. Predictive analytics
    a. With text analyzed data as features and BUY/SELL indicator as the response create ML model
    b. Predict effects of the text data (Reddit comments) on the amount of stock volatility
    c. Model Evaluation

4. Creating API
    a. Loading data into a database for creating web based visualizations
    b. Creating a NodeJS/Python server to perform as a API to handle requests and response from the WEB UI.

5. WEB UI
    a. Using ReactJS and D3.js/chart.js/Rgraph to create interactive visualizations
    b. Creating a dashboard where user can choose a ticker he wants
        a. Today's price / and other yahoo finance UI components which is available on Alpha vantage
        b. a simple price graph for the last month
        c. Another graph or another line on the previous graph to show the volume of reddit comments
        d. Also include sentiment score for each day positive - negative / total

6. Real Time  (Discuss this point)
    a. User enters stock ticker
    b. We have to grab today's reddit comments from WallStreetBets
    c. Run NLP/Sentiment alalysis on today's comments
    d. Run Predictive analysis on the extracted features from the previous step
    e. Create/Update visualizations on the UI based on the findings

7. Goals
    a. Based on historic data we want to arrive at a score which says how much the social sentiment can 
        impact the price of a stock.
    b. If possible, we can do point number 6 and present how much the stock price would be impacted today
    based on today/previous day's social sentiment.




[25%] for the design of upcoming experiments / evaluation

    1. Mock up diagrams for data flow
    2. Step 3 from above (evaluation)
    3. Elaborate the implementation steps of the above design


[5%] for plan of activities (please show the old one and the revised one, 
along with the activities of each group member)

    Copy the same from proposal and add percetages of completion.

Clear list of innovations: give a list of the best 2-4  ideas that your approach exhibits.

    1. Evaluate Reddit as a datasource for stock market price and volatility prediction
    2. TBD cos they need atleast 2


Team's contact person submits a softcopy via Canvas (progress report only), named teamXXprogress.pdf, where XX is the team number (e.g., team01progress.pdf for team 1)
[-5% if not included] Distribution of team member effort. Can be as simple as "all team members have contributed similar amount of effort". If effort distribution is too uneven, I may assign higher scores to members who have contributed more.