Hypothesis: Stocks that are newer or have not turned a profit yet are more likely to be susceptible to sentiment analysis.

Create an index for a given stock based upon a metric of social media/sentiment analysis
	-Volume of articles
	-Sentiment of articles
	-Compare stock prices to above items to determine index

Can we get demographics of investors by stocks? Does this have an effect on news volatility?

https://newsapi.org/
https://www.reddit.com/dev/api/ 
https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs.html 




9 Heilmeier questions (source)
1. What are you trying to do? Articulate your objectives using absolutely no jargon.
  Classify which stocks are heavily influenced by social/online media.

2. How is it done today; what are the limits of current practice?
  TBD by lit survey

3. What's new in your approach? Why will it be successful?
  TBD by lit survey

4. Who cares?
  Anyone interested in stock investment

5. If you're successful, what difference and impact will it make, and how do you measure them (e.g., via user studies, experiments, ground truth data, etc.)?
  How we classify stocks could change investment strategy.
  (How was the project successful) We can measure the accuracy of our predictions based upon error relative to the true prices over time
  (How do we measure impact on society) Are new trading strategies being built based upon the classifications? 

6. What are the risks and payoffs?
  We could find nothing, or we could change the way stock investing is done.

7. How much will it cost?
  TBD (server time, licenses, etc)

8. How long will it take?
  2 months (Due date of final materials Nov 28, approx 7.5 weeks after due date of proposoal document)

9. What are the midterm and final "exams" to check for success? How will progress be measured.
  Midterm: (Wed, Nov 7, 7pm Mountain Time)
    Progress Report document
    Are we able to obtain all the data we need
    Effectively defining the business problem into a data problem
    Define the metrics to be used in the model
    Categorizing sentiments
 
  Final: (Wed, Nov 28, 7pm Mountain Time)
    paper
    3 minute presenation (per person)
    Model accuracy
    A functional user interface

